URL: https://www.alquds.edu/en/admissions-registration/admissions/accepted-certificates

Accepted Certificates - Al-Quds University
ACCEPTED CERTIFICATES
Accepted Certificates
In addition to the Palestinian High School Certificate “Tawjihi”, Al-Quds University accepts a range of Arab and international high school certificates, provided they meet the conditions for equivalency set by the Palestinian Ministry of Higher Education.
Students may submit applications before receiving their high school or equivalent certificate results, as early application enhances the chances of admission to the desired program or specialization. However, the admission department at the university must receive official documents as soon as they are issued.
Palestinian High School Certificate “Tawjihi”
In accordance with the admission requirements for its various programs, Al-Quds University accepts all streams of the Palestinian High School Certificate “Tawjihi”.
Students must meet the conditions set by the desired college or specialization regarding the average and high school branch. Students must also pass aptitude test/s, if and when applicable.
Students who obtained a high school diploma one or more years before applying to AQU must provide the Admissions Department (Main Campus/Abu Dis) with a certified copy of their high school transcript after filling out the application. This allows the department to correspond with the relevant college and ensure that the conditions for joining are met.
Students may submit applications before receiving their high school or equivalent certificate results, as early application enhances the chances of admission to the desired program or specialization. However, the Admissions Department at the university must receive the official documents upon their issuance.
Bagrut Certificate
For details on the admission and registration of Bagrut certificate holders, please refer to the Enrollment Guide for 48’ Occupied-Territories Students >>
Click here
<<
High School Diplomas Issued by other Arab Countries
Al-Quds University accepts high school diplomas issued by Arab countries. Students must provide the Admissions Department with a copy of their diploma certified by the Palestinian Ministry of Education.
Al-Quds University accepts all high school branches according to the admission requirements for its various programs.
IGCSE, GCSE, GCE
For the Ministry of Education and Higher Education Equivalency Conditions:
Click here
.
First, students are admitted to all majors except Medicine according to their percentages, which are calculated according to the equivalency conditions of the Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education.
Second, the conditions for admission to the Faculty of Medicine students holding IGCSE, GCSE, and GCE degrees are:
1. Ordinary track:
The total number of subjects passed must be at least eight.
Passed subjects include five O-level subjects and three AS-A level subjects.
At least two of the Advanced Higher Level subjects must be scientific subjects.
O-level subject grades must be A.
A-level subjects require at least two A grades and one B grade.
2. Parallel track:
A total of at least eight subjects must be passed.
Passed subjects include five O-Level subjects and three AS-A Level subjects.
Advanced Higher Level subjects include at least two science subjects.
Two A-Level subjects are required.
Advanced Level B subject marks include at least two subjects and a third C.
SAT1 + AP / SAT1 + CLEP
For the Ministry of Education and Higher Education Equivalency Conditions:
Click here.
First, students are admitted to all majors except Medicine according to their percentages, which are calculated according to the equivalency conditions of the Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education.
Second, admission requirements for the Faculty of Medicine for SAT-AP certificate holders are as follows:
Students must pass two SAT1 subjects; Mathematics and Analytical reading, with a total score of 1200.
The student must pass four AP exams, including one in Mathematics and science subjects (biology, chemistry, or physics), as well as one other subject.
The average of the four subjects must be 4.0 or higher.
Note:
Students with an average score of 3 across four subjects are accepted on the parallel track.
Third, the conditions for accepting students with SAT1 and CLEP certificates at the College of Human Medicine are as follows:
Students must pass two SAT1 subjects, math and analytical reading (combined math and critical reading), with a total score of 1200.
Students must also pass four CLEP exams, including Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry, and another subject.
The average of the four CLEP subjects must be 65 or higher.
Note:
Students with a score between 59 and 64 are accepted on the parallel track.
German International Abitur Examination (DIAP)
For the Ministry of Education and Higher Education Equivalency Conditions:
Click here
.
First, students are admitted to all majors except Medicine according to their percentages, which are calculated according to the equivalency conditions of the Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education.
Second, the conditions for admission to the Faculty of Medicine for holders of the German International Abitur Examination are as follows:
Admission to the regular track: Students should have an average score of 1.0-1.4.
Admission to the parallel track: Students should have a minimum score of 1.5-2.2.
International Baccaleuruete (IB)
For the Ministry of Education and Higher Education Equivalency Conditions:
Click here
.
First, students are admitted to all majors except Medicine according to their percentages, which are calculated according to the equivalency conditions of the Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education.
Second, the conditions for Admission to the Faculty of Human Medicine for Students Holding an IB Certificate are:
1. Ordinary Track:
A minimum of six subjects must be passed.
Passed subjects must include three Higher Level (HL) subjects from the following: Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology, and English. Students must earn a minimum average of six points in each subject. The remaining passed subjects must be from  the Standard Level (SL).
A total score of 37 or above must be obtained.
2. Parallel Track:
A total of at least six subjects must be passed.
Passed subjects include three Higher Level (HL) subjects from the following: Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology, and English, with a minimum average of six points in two of them. The other subjects must be from the Standard Level (SL).
A total score of 35 or above must be obtained.
High School Diploma (H.S.D)
To equate a high school diploma with the Palestinian high school one, the following is required:
The diploma must be issued by an existing, accredited school in the United States.
The student must have regularly attended eleventh and twelfth grades.
Alternatively, the student must have studied and graduated from one of the institutions of higher education located and accredited in the United States.
LATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS
Latest Announcements
ACADEMIC MOBILITY PROGRAM TO POWIŚLAŃSKI UNIVERSITY IN POLAND
Academic Mobility Program to Powiślański University in Poland
24 Nov at 11:59 pm
THE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON: GENDER EQUALITY AND WOMEN’S EMPOWERMENT: CHALLENGES, SOLUTIONS, AND BEST PRACTICES IN THE MEDITERRANEAN REGION
The International Conference on: Gender Equality and Women’s Empowerment: Challenges, Solutions, and Best Practices in the Mediterranean Region
15 Nov at 10:42 pm
THE 4TH INTERNATIONAL STAFF AND TEACHING WEEK UPSA BIP “AI IN HIGHER EDUCATION: BENEFITS AND CHALLENGES FOR UNIVERSITIES” UNIVERSIDAD PONTIFICIA DE SALAMANCA
The 4th International Staff and Teaching Week UPSA BIP “AI in higher education: Benefits and challenges for universities” Universidad Pontificia de Salamanca
11 Nov at 11:18 pm
THE FIRST INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON LAND AND WATER GOVERNANCE
The First International Conference on Land and Water Governance
22 Oct at 10:48 pm
STUDENTS’ MOBILITY PROGRAM TO THE HUELVA UNIVERSITY – SPAIN
Students’ mobility Program to the Huelva University – Spain
15 Oct at 12:29 pm
Menu
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
× Close Panel