URL: https://www.alquds.edu/en/aid-scholarships

Financial Aid & Scholarships - Al-Quds University
FINANCIAL AID UNIT
Financial Aid Unit
At Al-Quds University (AQU), we are committed to helping every student gain access to education despite their ability to pay and believe that no cost should prevent a student from joining our community;
ABOUT THE
About the
FINANCIAL AID UNIT
Financial Aid Unit
At Al-Quds University (AQU), we are committed to helping every student gain access to education despite their ability to pay and believe that no cost should prevent a student from joining our community; therefore, we encourage you to explore the many options available to students through the Financial Aid Unit.
Established in 2005, the Financial Aid Program at AQU is the largest at the level of national universities. The Financial Aid Unit works to provide the best grants and
scholarships for outstanding students and students in need. In addition, the Unit strives to build and maintain a good relationship with local and international donors.
The University provides several Financial Aid Programs to support students’ financial needs including loans, exemptions, and scholarships. Financial resources are distributed transparently according to the general conditions of the University and the unique criteria for each program.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE FINANCIAL AID UNIT
Responsibilities of the Financial Aid Unit
REVIEW STUDENTS' APPLICATIONS
Review students' applications
Review students’ applications in a professional time-efficient manner.
CATALOG AND ANNOUNCE
Catalog and announce
Catalog and announce financial aid programs for students to reach out easily.
VERIFY THE INFORMATION
Verify the information
Verify the information in cooperation with the Student Affairs Deanship.
FOLLOW-UP
Follow-up
Follow-up, coordination, and communication with the donors.
CONDUCT SURVEYS
Conduct surveys
Conduct surveys on students’ social and economic situation in cooperation with the Student Affairs Deanship.
Responsibilities
Who are
Review students’ applications in a professional time-efficient manner.
Catalog and announce financial aid programs for students to reach out easily.
Verify the information in cooperation with the Student Affairs Deanship.
Follow-up, coordination, and communication with the donors.
Conduct surveys on students’ social and economic situation in cooperation with the Student Affairs Deanship.
Eligibility
Eligibility
ELIGIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL AID AND SCHOLARSHIPS
Eligibility for Financial Aid and Scholarships
Each student has the right to apply for financial assistance. However, the following are the essential eligibility criteria to apply for a scholarship based on AQU regulations:
The student must successfully complete 12 credit hours as a minimum
The student must be a regular student at the University
The student must register more than 12 credit hours per semester
The student must be a needy one and provide the verification documents
The student should not have any academic warning
The student should not have any disciplinary warning
Any additional criteria set by the donor
The student is deprived of benefiting from financial assistance in the following cases:
Not filling the Financial Assistance Form
Providing false statements in the request for assistance
Registration for less than 12 credit hours in the semester
Obtaining academic or disciplina
Applying
Applying
The Financial Aid Unit announces the availability of student financial assistance and application criteria and requirements through AQU’s website (
click here
), social media platforms, and bulletin boards in university facilities and campuses.
Students can benefit from financial aid and external scholarships after completing at least one academic semester at AQU. Students must fill out the Financial Assistance Form to benefit from financial assistance. To ensure that the most qualified students receive financial assistance, we study students’ applications to ensure they meet the financial aid criteria.
An application for financial aid is submitted to the Financial Aid Unit as a hard copy along with all the verification documents. The
Financial Assistance Form
can be obtained and filled out through the Financial Aid Unit’s website.
To apply for financial assistance, the following documents should be submitted as part of the application form:
Photocopy of the Legal Guardian’s ID, including the detailed family appendix.
Legal guardian’s work.
Household income.
of family members.
Housing type (rented vs. owned).
Number of employed household members.
Number of dependents in the household.
Number of household members in schools or universities.
Chronic diseases and disabilities among household members.
Imprisonment or martyrs among household members.
Family properties.
Benefits received by members of the household.
Students’ original living space.
Student’s behavioral and academic performance.
Applying
Programs
SCHOLARSHIPS
Scholarships
AQU offers a number of scholarships at the beginning of each academic year. In addition, a number of external scholarships are provided to students in need through the donations of individuals and local and international organizations. The Financial Aid Unit announces the availability of external scholarships, application deadline, and application criteria and requirements through AQU’s website (
click here
), the bulletin boards in university facilities and campuses, and AQU social media platforms.
Eligibility for a scholarship is determined based on student’s financial standing and academic achievements. Therefore, recommendations to foundations and scholarship programs are made based on financial standing and per the specific requirements of the donors.
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR SPECIFIC FACULTIES AND PROGRAMS
Scholarships for Specific Faculties and Programs
AQU offers several scholarships at the beginning of each academic year to different faculties and programs for students who apply to study in specific undergraduate programs at AQU. Both full and partial scholarships are available.
Students must complete the following criteria in order to be eligible to receive a scholarship:
Submit the Electronic Admission Application to AQU through the link:
https://www.alquds.edu/ar/admissions-registration-ar/#card
.
Accepted in one of the programs included in the scholarship.
Obtain the minimum required rate in the general secondary examination “Tawjihi” specified by the University for the scholarship.
Click Here to know more about 2021/2022 scholarships.
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR CHILDREN AND RELATIVES OF EMPLOYEE
Scholarships for children and relatives of employee
The University offers full scholarships to the children of employees according to the following conditions:
The employee should be full-time and regular
The scholarship does not cover the cost of the registration fees
The scholarship does not cover the cost of parallel education
The scholarship does not cover the cost of repeating any of the courses, whatever the reasons
The number of hours covered is codified as a maximum number of credit hours in the program
OTHER SCHOLARSHIPS OFFERED AT AQU
Other scholarships offered at AQU
Scholarships for athletes
Scholarships for honorary performance
Scholarships for children of martyrs
Scholarships for special needs students and students with disabilities
Scholarships offered for children of employees at the Ministry of Education
Yasser Arafat Scholarship
Ministry of Higher Education Scholarships
Scholarships for children of employees of the Arab Institute-Abu Dis
Applying
Loans
Based on the agreement signed between the Higher Education Council and AQU, students are offered loans from The Loan Fund for Undergraduates in Palestine (Iqrad Fund). Iqrad grants student loans for Palestinian universities that are paid back after graduation with flexible conditions.
For loans, a student first needs to complete a loan application through
Iqrad
(Loan Fund for Undergraduates in Palestine). The student then submits identification documents to the Financial Aid Unit.
For more information, visit
Iqrad
.
In addition, the University offers programs that allow students to pay tuition fees in installments.
Students benefiting from loans are eligible for other scholarships and aids opportunities. Students must not have any debts in order to be able to benefit from loans in upcoming semesters.
2021/2022 SCHOLARSHIPS
2021/2022 Scholarships
SCHOLARSHIPS TO THE NAJJAD ZEENNI FACULTY OF ENGINEERING
Scholarships to the Najjad Zeenni Faculty of Engineering
AQU offers a number of partial scholarships to The Najjad Zeenni Faculty of Engineering as the following:
Program
Minimum General Secondary Examination Rate
Coverage (%)
Agricultural Engineering
95%
20%
Computer Engineering
95%
90%-94.9%
20%
10%
Materials Engineering
80%-84.9%
10%
Communication Engineering
85%-89.9%
20%
Electronics Engineering
90-94.9%
30%
Food Engineering
95%
50%
Dual Studies Industrial Engineering
90%
50%
– Criteria to maintain the Scholarship in all programs except the Dual Studies Industrial Engineering To maintain a cumulative average of at least 85%.
– Students must maintain a cumulative average of at least 80% for the Dual Studies Industrial Engineering Scholarship.
SCHOLARSHIPS TO THE FACULTY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Scholarships to the Faculty of Science and Technology
– At total of 35 full scholarships are offered to students wanting to study at the Faculty of Science and Technology distributed as the following:
– 7 scholarships to the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Technology
– 7 scholarships to the Department of Mathematics
– 7 scholarships to the Department of Physics
– 2 scholarships to the Department of Life Sciences
– 2 scholarships to the Department of Computer Science
– Students must maintain a cumulative average of at least 80% to maintain the Scholarship.
– 10 full scholarships are offered to students who want to study Computer Science provided they have a minimum   –
–  General Secondary Examination Rate of 90% at the Scientific Stream. In addition, students must maintain a   – cumulative average of at least 85% to maintain the Scholarship.
Partial scholarships (20%) are offered to students who want to study at any of the undergraduate programs at the Faculty of Science and Technology (except Medical Chemistry) provided they have a General Secondary Examination Rate of 85%-90%. In addition, students must maintain a cumulative average of at least 85% to maintain the Scholarship.
SCHOLARSHIPS TO THE FACULTY OF EDUCATIONAL SCIENCES
Scholarships to the Faculty of Educational Sciences
AQU offers an unlimited number of partial scholarships to The Faculty of Educational Science based on General Secondary Examination Rate as the following:
Program
Minimum General Secondary Examination Rate
Coverage (%)
Psychology
80%-84.9%
10%
Elementary and Kindergarten Education
85%-89.9%
20%
Special Education
90-94.9%
30%
Food Engineering
95%
50%
– Criteria to maintain the Scholarship in all programs is to maintain a cumulative average of at least 85%.
– Scholarships For Palestinian Students with Israeli IDs
– Scholarships For The Faculty of Da’wa and Religion
– Scholarships for Graduate Students
42000
ALUMNI
Alumni
since AQU’s establishment
0
MILLION USD
Million USD
Total financial aid provided
12000
STUDENTS
Students
currently enrolled at Al-Quds University
7000
FACULTY
Faculty
members currently working at Al-Quds
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
Get in Touch with Us
We are happy to answer all your questions and inquires, please fill the below form and we will get in touch with you as soon as possible, or visit the us at Student’s Affairs Complex on the Main Campus at Abu Dis
Financial Aid Department:
Student’s Affairs Complex
Main Campuse, Al-Quds University
Abu Dis, Palestine
Phone:
(+970) 2 2791295
Email:
financialaid@admin.alquds.edu
WE ARE SOCIAL
We are social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Menu
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
× Close Panel