URL: https://www.alquds.edu/en/faculties-at-al-quds/dentistry-en

Faculty of Dentistry - Al-Quds University
FACULTY OF DENTISTRY
Faculty of Dentistry
Our vision, at the faculty of dentistry, is to set the standard of excellence in creating the future of dental education, research and practice.
Established:
1902
Location:
Abu Dis Campus
REGISTERED STUDENTS
Registered Students
390
ACADEMIC STAFF
Academic Staff
25
PROGRAMS OFFERED
Programs offered
1
PROGRAMS LIST
Programs list
MASTER OF AESTHETIC DENTISTRY
Master of Aesthetic Dentistry
RESIDENCY PROGRAM IN PROSTHODONTICS
Residency Program in Prosthodontics
RESIDENCY PROGRAM IN ORTHODONTICS
Residency Program in Orthodontics
RESIDENCY PROGRAM IN ENDODONTICS
Residency Program in Endodontics
BACHELOR’S DEGREE IN DENTISTRY
Bachelor’s Degree in Dentistry
Bachelor
PROF. MOHAMMAD H. ABU YUNIS
Prof. Mohammad H. Abu Yunis
DEAN OF THE FACULTY OF DENTISTRY
Dean of the Faculty of Dentistry
Welcome to the faculty of Dentistry at Al Quds University. Our faculty was established in 2000 to localize the study of dental medicine in Palestine, and since that time around one thousand students have been graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Dental Surgery (BDS). I am pleased to say that a good number of graduates have finished their postgraduate training at renowned centers across the globe.
Read more
Dean Message
Welcome to the faculty of Dentistry at Al Quds University. Our faculty was established in 2000 to localize the study of dental medicine in Palestine, and since that time around one thousand students have been graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Dental Surgery (BDS). I am pleased to say that a good number of graduates have finished their postgraduate training at renowned centers across the globe.
Our young energetic teaching staff has been continuously working to attain a curriculum that reflects their vision for training tomorrow’s leaders in oral health care. We have recently implemented our new curriculum that is innovative and dynamic.
We also have an outreach program that involves students as well as teaching staff going to various cities and villages that do not have easy access to dental care. In order to overcome the obstacles that the community faces, check points and closures we aim at developing this outreach program by adding a mobile dental clinic that will offer basic dental treatment for those who lack access to basic dental care.
As Dean, it’s my privilege to steward dental school mission. I’m increasingly finding that our success in undergraduate medical and dental education requires the continuous utilization of quality improvement approach to address different problems, as well as, integration of team learning, and state-of-the art innovations in dental education. Our everyday challenge is to weave all of these elements into a distinctive and excellent undergraduate experience. Our final success depends on the involvement of anyone and everyone with an interest and an ability to contribute.
Dentistry is a constantly developing field and we aim at always keeping up with this development as well as maintaining a high level patient management protocol that meets the best international levels in all fields of dentistry.
I’m confident that the Faculty of Dentistry at Al-Quds University will continue to graduate dentists who by virtue of their diverse training, caring attitude and clinical experience will be leaders in the profession of dentistry.
Prof. Mohammad H. Abu Yunis
Dean of the Faculty of Dentistry
FACULTY OF DENTISTRY
Faculty of Dentistry
Our vision, at the faculty of dentistry, is to set the standard of excellence in creating the future of dental education, research and practice. The mission of our Dental Faculty is to foster leaders in dental care education and to provide the community with highly qualified and multidisciplinary skillful dentists through continuous development of its curriculum to meet the advancement in medicine and dentistry worldwide.
The Faculty of Dentistry at AQU was established in 2000 being the first dental faculty ever established in Palestine. We provide Bachelor degree in dental surgery (BDS) for our students whose curriculum is distributed over five academic years. Currently, the faculty includes more than 1094 dental students. Our BDS program is implemented within the University’s main campus in Abudees in addition to the educational buildings (Al-Abraj) where training within the clinical settings take place (about 1km from campus). Our students pass through preclinical & clinical stages during which they gain all expected knowledge and training to become highly skilled and qualified dentists who can achieve the intended goals in their future careers.
Our graduates have been achieving remarkable high scores in national as well as international examinations and profession’s license accreditation. Many of them have completed higher studies in various worldwide Universities and are now serving the Palestinian community with high standards of care and professional expertise.
In 2018, the Faculty of Dentistry celebrated the inauguration of the Dental Center for Continuing Education, which will leave its mark on the advancement of the dental profession through the collaborative efforts of its esteemed academic staff, including professors and lecturers, as well as a group of colleagues with extensive clinical experience. In 2022, the faculty launched three specialized postgraduate programs in Orthodontics, Prosthodontics, and Endodontics accredited by Palestinian Medical Council (PMC) to contribute to the localization of specialized medical education and to enhance the quality of medical services provided to the community. The faculty is also working on completing all necessary material and human resources to accredit new postgraduate programs in dentistry.
OFFERED PROGRAMS
Offered Programs
Specialization Programs
Residency Program in Prosthodontics
more
Specialization Programs
Residency Program in Orthodontics
more
Specialization Programs
Residency Program in Endodontics
more
Faculty of Dentistry Bachelor Programs
Bachelor’s Degree in Dentistry
more
ACADEMIC STAFF
Academic Staff
Ahed Marwan Kadamani
Lecturer
Ahmad Aweidah
Assistant Professor
Ammar Omar Al- Shiber
Assistant Professor
Basem L.W Abu Qube
Assistant Professor
Dawoud  Mahmoud Ayyad
Assistant Professor
DR. Majd M. Salameh
Elham Talib Kateeb
Associate Professor of Dental Public Health
Fahed Habash
Assistant Professor
George Philip Dahabreh
Assistant Professor - Orthodontics
Hadil Kamal
Assistant Professor
Hakam Rabi
Assistant Professor
Hanali Abu Shilbayih
lecturer
Husni Abdel Rahman Ali
Kareem  Abu Libdeh
Assistant Prof
Mariam Hasan Mustafa Al-Jaljouli
Assistant Professor
Mazen Sbeih
Assistant Professor
Mohammad Assaf
Associate Professor
Mohammed Hasan Abu Yunis
Professor
Mohanad Aker
Assistant Professor
Muath Ahmad Abu Baker
Maxillofacial Orthodontist
Mudar Sufian Abdullatif Kamal
Assistant Professor
Musab Abu Arqoub
Assistant Professor
Naser Azmi Khayat
Assistant Professor
Ra’ed Abu Hantash
Professor
Rana Darwish
Teacher
Shurooq W. R. Al-Bakri
Tarek Rabi
Lecturer
Zaid Ayyad
MDs in Orthodontic and Dentofacial Orthopedics
Ahed Marwan Kadamani
Lecturer
Dr. Kadamani is a lecturer at the fixed- removable prosthodontic department since January 2012. He has earned academic experience In the same department in the school of dental medicine Al-quds University as a teaching and learning assistant in the years 2005 and 2006 before he joined the master of science and specialty program of “ esthetic –reconstructive dentistry” at the “ Donau Univesitaet “ campus Bonn – Germany. He earned the title “M.SC esthetic-reconstructive dentistry” at 2011.
Courses given by Dr. Kadamani includes the Prosthodontics VII and Esthetic Dentistry for final year students. He participates also in the practical clinical training of graduates and 4th year students in the clinics of the faculty.
He was involved in various committees in the faculty concerning development of different facilities such as the faculty website and faculty prosthodontics laboratory. As well as the development of various clinical and theoretical courses in the department.
Dr. Kadamani does not hesitate in taking a part serving the community of the dentists as well as local communities.
He is a lecturer and trainer in different post-graduate continuous education courses both nationally and internationally and had participated in many congresses as a speaker nationally and internationally.
Ahmad Aweidah
Assistant Professor
Dr Ahmad.A.Aweidah is an assistant professor assigned to the School of Dentistry at Al-Quds University in Jerusalem. He is currently the head of the department of oral and maxillofacial surgery. Dr. Aweidah is also a clinical supervisor of oral surgery at Al-Quds University clinical teaching clinics.
Dr Ahmad Aweidah is currently a member of the school board, and has worked hand in hand with his colleagues in various administrative and academic committees since he was assigned to the school in 2009. Working as a team, Dr. Ahmad and his colleagues have worked to develop the schools’ curriculum and polices which had its greatest impact on its development and reputation nationally, regionally and in several countries over the world.
Dr. Ahmad Aweidah is a member of the specialty committee of the oral and maxillofacial surgery section at the Palestinian medical council / the Palestinian board Examination. He is also a member of the British Academy for Aesthetic Facial Surgeries BAAFS. And member of the A.O association for the cranial and facial trauma.
Since 2009 Dr. Ahmad has been working exclusively in the field of oral and maxillofacial surgery, and working in teams with other specialties to treat patients suffering complex and complicated tooth loss cases.
Dr. Ahmad Aweidah is interested in Dental implantology and practiced the interest on every level (advanced mainly).
Ammar Omar Al- Shiber
Assistant Professor
Dr. Ammar Al- Shiber is a lecturer in the Periodontology Department in the dental school. He joined the department as a lecturer for third, fourth and fifth year students in 2013. But he was working at Al –Quds University since 2006. Furthermore, he worked as the head of dental department in Al –Hayat Medical Center from (2010-2013). Then, he has worked in his private clinic from 2013 till now.
Dr. Al-Shiber is a member in the (PDA) and in the Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology. Also, he is a member in the (IDA) and the Israeli Association of Periodontology.
Dr. Al-Shiber practices frequently in many courses in Periodontology in Germany, Ukraine, Belgium and USA.
Moreover, he gives regular lectures and courses in the ( continuing education program) with the cooperation of the (PAD) in Hebron, Tulkarem, Bethlehem and Jerusalem.
He got his BDS from the 6the of October University (Egypt 2004). Also, he made a specialty degree in Periodontology from Hadassah Dental School –Ein Karem (2013). He was chosen as the best supervisor in the Department of Periodontology in Hadassah 2013.
Basem L.W Abu Qube
Assistant Professor
Home Address
:
Beit Jalla / Bab alzukak / Palestine
Phone: (+972) 274-8465
Office Address
:
6
th
Poulos Street
P.O. Box 1
Bethlehem/Palestine
Mob.+972592920433
Phone: (02) 2777282
Fax: (02) 2748465
E-mail:
abuqubibasem@yahoo.com
E-mail: babuqubi@staff.alquds.edu
Date of Birth:
May 20, 1971
Marital Status:
Married
Wife – Jain
Children – Lutfi , Valeria & Jony
Education and Achievements:
1987: National High School Diploma- Jordan/Palestine
1995: B.D.S. in Oral and Dental Surgery from Kubansk Academy, Soviet Union/ Russia
2005: M.Sc. in Endodontics from Minsk Governmental University, Minsk/ Belarus
2007: Jordanian Board of Endodontics
2007: Palestinian Board of Endodontics
Employment
Private Dental Office / Bethlehem, Palestine
General and Restorative / Dentistry Practice
1995 – 2001
Private Dental Office / Bethlehem, Palestine
Endodontic and Restorative / Dentistry Practice
2005 – present
AL-Quds University
Continuing Education / Dental Faculty
2005 – present
AL-Quds University
Assistant Professor
2007 – present
Administrative Appointments:
AL-Quds University
Head of Conservative Dentistry / Department
2006-2011
AL-Quds University
Vice Dean Of Dental Faculty
2009 – 2010
AL-Quds University
Head of Endodontic / Department
2012- 2020
AL-Quds University
Coordinator of the specialty  / program in Endodontics  (recognized by the Palestinian medical council / the Palestinian Board in Endodontics)
2023- Present
Active Participations & Professional Development:
10/2006- Participated in Endodontic course at the International Scientific Conference of Faculty of Dentistry/Jordan University
4/2007- Participated in the Endodontic course (Twisted File system) in jordan.
2/2008- Participated in the Endodontic course (Protaper System) in Jordan.
7/2009- Attended advanced hands on course  (twisted File System) with professor Gamparini in Jordan.
10/2010- Attended the course “Principles of Practice of Endodontics” conducted by Prof. Mahmoud Torabinejad, held at the Landmark Hotel, Amman-Jordan.
10/2010- Attended the 22
nd
Jordanian and 39
th
Arab Dental Congress held at the Landmark Hotel, Amman-Jordan.
10/2010- Attended the course “Contemporary Fixed Prosthodontics” conducted by Dr. Stephen Rosenstiel, held at the Landmark Hotel, Amman-Jordan.
6/2010- The palestinian Scientific Committee Co-Chairman at Alwefaq Congress in Bethlehem.
1/2011- Attended the course “CMA System” conducted by Dr. Robe Rojez, held at the Landmark Hotel, Amman-Jordan.
1/2011 The Jordanian Endodontic Congress held at the Landmark Hotel, Amman-Jordan.
1/2012 The head of Palestinian Delegates in the 2nd Endodontic Pan Arab Conference in Dubai.
6/2012  Coordinating Course in Endodontics Held at Jasser (Intercontinental) hotel.
8/2013 Endodontic Microsurgery Training In Florida (USA) With Dr Raed Kasem
11/2013 The head of Palestinian Delegates in the 3rd Endodontic Pan Arab Conference in Lebanon.
10/2015 The head of Palestinian Delegates in the 4th Endodontic Pan Arab Conference in Tunisia.
10/2017 The head of Palestinian Delegates in the 5th Endodontic Pan Arab Conference in Egypt.
Professional Experience:
(2005 – Present) Assistant professor and clinical supervisor of Endodontics.  Al-Quds University Abu – Dees/Jerusalem.
(2009 – 2010)  Vice Dean Of Dental Faculty  AL-Quds University
(2012 – 2020 ) Head of Department of Endodontics
(2018 – 2022) Head of the Scientific Advisory committee of Endodontics specialty at the Palestinian Medical Council
(2022 – present) Head of the  Endodontics specialty committee at the Palestinian Medical Council
(2023 – present)  Coordinator of the specialty program in Endodontcs that  is recognized by the Palestinian medical council / the Palestinian board.
Contributions in associations, professional committees, scientific
committees and memberships:
[2022- present] Head of the specialty committee for the Endodontics section, the Palestinian medical council, the Palestinian board Examination
[ 2016-Present] Head of Palestinian Endodontic Society.
[2010-Present] Member of the Scientific Committee for the Dental Practice Examination at the Palestinian Medical Council.
[2005-Present] Active in various scientific or organizing groups for various conferences or scientific activities in Palestine or in the region.
[1995-Present] Member in the Palestinian and Jordanian Dental Association.
Dawoud  Mahmoud Ayyad
Assistant Professor
Dr. Ayyad has completed a full a specialty program in Endodontics 2008-2011 in Hebrew University and is a post graduate resident at the Endodontic department of Hebrew University. He holds a Bachelor degree in dental surgery from Denepropetrovsk Medical Academia- Ukraine 1998.
Dr. Ayyad is a lecturer at the endodontic department of the Faculty of Dentistry- Al Quds University since 2011. He is also an elected member at the Palestinian Dental Association Council “2018-2020” and is an active member at the Palestinian Dental Association since 1999. He runs private practice as an endodontist at Ayyad Dental Center & Al-Bireh Dental Clinic. He previously worked as teaching assistant at the endodontic department of the faculty of dentistry- Al Quds University & as a general dentist at the Arab Health Center- Jerusalem from 1999-2004.
In 2015, Dr. Ayyad attended a complete training course with Dentsply in Switzerland and became a Dentsply Maillefer Certified Trainer. On Oct 2015, he Contributed in the 4th Pan Arab Endodontic Conference in Tunisia as a lecturer and since 2011 he is considered to be a national Endodontics Lecturer & Trainer at the Palestinian Continuing Education Program.
DR. Majd M. Salameh
Personal Information:
Date of birth: 2/12/1983
Place of birth: Jerusalem
Status: Married
Current address
American street jabal elmukaber – Jerusalem-P.O.Box:20953
Mobile: 0544483521/0569483521
E-mail: drmajds@hotmail.com
Education:
2001-2006:
Arab American university -Jenin
Bachelor of Dental Surgery
Graduated in very good cumulative and major average.
2008-2013:
Ege University Turkey-Izmir
Clinical PhD in dentistry
(Endodontics).
Thesis
: InvestIgatIon of the effect of dIfferent root canal InstrumentatIon technIques on fracture strength and defect formatIon of root canal dentIn
PUBLICATIONS:
Burcu ŞEREFOĞLU, Majd SALAMEH, Beyser PİŞKİN,
SMEAR LAYER REMOVAL EFFICACY OF DIFFERENT IRRIGATION TECHNIQUES
,
EÜ Dişhek Fak Derg,
vol. 18, Issue. 1, pp.32-38, Jan. 2017.
Abeer Hammouz, Ziyad Kamal,
Majd salameh
,
Root Canal Treatment Quality in Maxillary and Mandibular 6 Anteriors in Palestinian Subpopulation,
RRJODS
, vol.4, No.1, pp.20-23, Jan. 2016.
Majd SALAMEH
, Burcu ŞEREFOĞLU, Beyser PİŞKİN
, The Effect Of Different Preparation Systems On Dentinal Defect Formation,
EÜ Dişhek Fak Derg
, vol. 38, No. 2, pp.121-127, Jan 2017.
Majd SALAMEH
, Burcu ŞEREFOĞLU, Beyser PİŞKİN
, Investigation Of The Effect Of Different Root Canal Instrumentation Techniques On Fracture Strength Of Mandibular Premolar Teeth, vol. 37, pp.155-158, Jan 2016
Clinical Experience:
November 2006 – October 2007: Al Hayat Medical Centers (Kupat Hulim Meyuhadet)
2008-2009:  Private clinic in turkey (as a General practitioner)
2010-2013:  Private clinic in turkey (as an Endodontist)
2013-present: Private clinic (as an Endodontist)
Academic Appointments:
September 2013- January 2015 : Assistant professor; Department of conservative dentistry and dental materials, Al-Quds University.
October 2014 – Present: Assistant professor in Endodontics Department prosthodontics and conservative dentistry, The Arab American University
Languages:
Arabic (First language)
Turkish (Second language)
English (high level)
Hebrew (Good)
Elham Talib Kateeb
Associate Professor of Dental Public Health
Dr. Elham Kateeb is an associate professor of Dental Public Health at the College of Dentistry, a research affiliate at the Public Policy Center, University of Iowa, a health service researcher and a community dentistry specialist who advocates for better oral health locally and globally. She is an elected member of the International Dental Federation (FDI) Public Health Committee and a steering board member at VISTO International For Rights and Development and the Global Movement for Sustainable Health Equity (SHEM). Dr. Kateeb is the co-chair of  Women in Science Organization (OWSD) Palestine chapter. She is the receiver of the 2013 Olav Alvares Award for Best Article Published in the JDE journal, 2013 fellow of the Leverett Graduate Merit Award for Outstanding Achievement in Dental Public Health,  2014 Loreal- UNESCO “Women For Science” Laureate, 2014 Zamalah Fellowship alumnus, 2016 SMILE Award winner in the Innovation Category for her Prenatal and Infant Oral Health project and 2022 class of  100 Top Doctors by Doctor-To-Doctor initiative.  Dr. Kateeb completed her PhD in Dental Public Health from University of Iowa , her MPH from UMASS University at Amherst  and her BDS in Dental Surgery from University of Jordan. Dr. Kateeb is a diplomate of the American Board of Dental Public Health since 2013.
You can learn more about her research work here:
https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=p9lPSLEAAAAJ&hl=en
Fahed Habash
Assistant Professor
Dr. Fahed Habash coordinated and taught oral pathology course for the third year dental students, oral medicine course for fourth year students, oral medicine course for fifth year dental students and part of the course of oral surgery for fourth year dental students.
He is also the major supervisor at the oral medicine clinics and in addition to that he also supervises and teaches students at the oral surgery clinics.
Dr. Fahed Habash was awarded a BDS in dentistry from the University of Jordan in 1995 then awarded an M,Med.
Sc in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery/Oral Medicine from Queen’s University of Belfast,UK, in 1997.
He also holda a Higher Specialty degree in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery from Jordan and Palestine (Palestenian Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery).
Dr. Fahed published leading research papers in oral cancer innervations “The innervation patterns in oral cancer using the general neuronal marker protein gene product 9.5 (PGP9.5)” which was published in 2011.
He is preparing to publish a new article on Prevalence of Oral Lesions in Dental Patients of Al-Quds University Oral Medicine & Diagnosis Clinic.
Dr. Fahed Habash is an Assistant Professor and consultant at Maxillofacial Surgery and Oral Medicine Department.
He is the First Head of Basic Science Department at AL-Quds University from 2002 until 2003 then he founded and managed Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Department at AL-Quds University in 2003 and he became the head of this department until 2005.
After that Dr. Habash established the Oral Medicine and Oral Diagnosis Department at AL-Quds University in 2006.
Between 2010-2013 he appointed again as Head of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Department
then Head of oral Medicine Department between 2013 until 2016.
Dr. Habash has always served as a Member of the Dental Faculty Council at Al-Quds University from 2002 until 2018.
Dr. Habash was elected as Head of Dental Association Council/ Ramallah (2000-2004). He was also a member of the Ramallah Municipality council, elected (2005- 2012).
Dr. Habash was a Member of the Administrative Board of Palestinian Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons, elected (2006-2012).
Furthermore he was elected as Deputy Mayor of Ramallah Municipality (2008-2012) and became Vice president of the Board of Jerusalem Water Undertaking (2010-2011).
Recently he was elected as a member of the Administrative Board of Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology (2016-2018).
George Philip Dahabreh
Assistant Professor - Orthodontics
Personal information:
E-mail:
georgephd@012.net.il
, gdahabreh@staff.alquds.edu
Telefax:(02)5831299
Telephone: (02)6271626
Mobile: 0505646625
Office address: Salah Eldeen St.20-East Jerusalem
P.O.Box 20332- East Jerusalem
Program-AAUP-Palestine
Academic Director and Assistant Professor in Orthodontics, Post-Graduate Program -Al-Quds University-Palestine
Former Assistant Professor in Orthodontics, Post-Graduate Program-AAUP-Palestine
Owner and Manager of Dahabrah Specialty Dental Center- East Jerusalem
MSc in Orthodontics (1999)- Hebrew University-Jerusalem
Certified Incognito lingual Orthodontics
Specialty Program in Orthodontics (1998) -Hadassah-Jerusalem
BDS (1990)-Jordan University of Science and technology-Jordan
Researches and Publications
(2019), Non-surgical Orthodontic Treatment of Class 111 Adult with Posterior Crossbite, Anterior Open Bite, and Asymmetric Occlusion Using TADs and Auxiliary Wires: A Case Report
(1998), Cell-Free Fructosyltransferase Enzyme Activity and Streptococcus Mutans Count in the Oral Cavity of Arab Children from East Jerusalem Undergoing Functional Orthodontic Treatment: Longitudinal Study.
(1996), Prevalence of Class 11 Malocclusion in Arab Population, Hebrew University. Jerusalem.
(1989), Wisdom Teeth Eruption Time in Jordanians , JUST. Jordan.
Member of the Palestinian Medical Council Committee in Orthodontics
Examiner in the Palestinian Ministry of Health
Lecturer in local and International Conferences
Member of the Palestinian Orthodontic Society
Member of the Israeli Orthodontic Society
Member of the Arab Orthodontic Society
Member of the American Association of Orthodontists
Fellow of The World Federation of Orthodontists
Hadil Kamal
Assistant Professor
Dr Hadil Kamal joined AlQuds university in 2005. She was appointed head of department for 1 year and reappointed in 2012, and is currently holding that position.
Dr Kamal has been giving lectures at scientific days and conferences in Palestine, and at the ministry of health since 2005. She is also head of the periodontal board exam committee at the Palestinian medical board. Dr Kamal is also part of the examination committee at the ministry of health.
Dr Kamal participates on a yearly basis in school dental health awareness and dental check-ups in Ramallah.
Degrees
Bachelors degree in dental surgery.
MSc in Periodontics.
ordanian dental board in periodontics.
Palestinian dental board in periodontics.
Publications
The Prevalence of Dentine Hypersensitivity and Gingival Recession among Jordanian Patients at JUST Dental Teaching Center.
. Relationship between gingival recession and destine hypersensitivity (in print).
Hakam Rabi
Assistant Professor
Dr. Rabi is a Lecturer at the Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery. He has joined the staff at the Faculty of Dentistry in 2007 after finishing his Masters studies in Oral Implantology. Dr. Rabi Has A Bachelor of Science in Biology, A Doctor of Dental Surgery, and A Masters in Oral Implantology.
He has taught several courses at the Faculty of Dentistry and participated in setting syllabuses for new courses added to the Faculty’s Bachelor’s curriculum. He has also published several articles in world accredited journals.
In addition to his academic work, Dr. Rabi has a private dental practice in Jerusalem. He is also a member of several committees at the Palestinian Dental Association and a board member in the Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology, which he served as its President and one of the founders of the association.
Dr. Rabi has also participated in setting the continuous Dental Education curriculum at Al-Quds’s University continuous Dental Education Center.
Hanali Abu Shilbayih
lecturer
Dr. Hanali is a lecturer at the department of orthodontics and pediatric dentistry at the faculty of dentistry. She is also a clinical supervisor for fourth and fifth year pediatric clinical teaching clinics. Dr. Hanali holds a BDS in dentistry from Jordanian University of Science and Technology – Irbid Jordan (1992-1997). She has also a specialty in pediatric dentistry from Hadassah School of Dental Science – Ein Karem (2000-2004) and has a degree in dental treatment under sedation and general anesthesia obtained in 2014-2015 Schwartz Arad – Herzelia Tel Aviv. This degree gained her experience in dental therapy under general anesthesia.
Dr. Hanali has the ability of developing and implementing new methods of teaching to reflect changes in research as well as designing, preparing and developing teaching materials. She performed log books for 4th & 5th years, along with other colleagues, to assist students through their clinical training. She also has the ability of undertaking personal research projects in addition to completing continuous professional development and participating in staff training activities.
She has excellent oral and written communication skills and is known to be confident in dealing with a range of people with the capability to work both independently and as part of a team. Dr. Abu Shilbayih has good IT skills and is committed to the profession and continuing
professional development.
Husni Abdel Rahman Ali
A- Personal Information:
Name: Husni Abdel Rahman Husni Ali.
Nationality: Palestinian.
Date of Birth: 20-1-1986.
Phone Numbers: +970599772275 / +970569072275
WhatsApp +970599772275
E-Mail:
husnishaqoor86@yahoo.com
/
husnishaqoor86@hotmail.com
Languages: Arabic (native speaker) & English (good in writing, reading & speaking).
Good in Computer skills.
B- Certificates:
General Secondary School Certificate (Science section) on 6/2003, with Total Percentage 95.39%.
Bachelor Degree certificate in Dental Surgery from Al-Quds University, Jerusalem / Palestine on 19/07/2009 with cumulative average of 70.7% (Good Rating).
Master degree certificate of dental surgery in Endodontics with very good rating from Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan / China in June 2013.
High Diploma certificate in Oral Implantology from Arab American University, Jenin / Palestine on 30/09/2019.
Membership of the Palestinian Dental Association.
Palestinian Medical Council Specialty Certificate in Endodontics (Palestinian Board in Endodontics).
Professional Registration in Saudi Commission for Health Specialties as Endodontist.
Certificate of Attendance a workshop of “Cleaning and shaping using Protaper next” (4 CME hours), March 2015.
Certificate of Attendance a workshop of “Advanced Course in Dental Implant” (5 CME hours), March 2015.
Certificate of attendance the lectures and hands On course: “Assessment of Impacted Teeth, Flap Design and Surgical Techniques” (8 Credit Hours) 22/11/2019.
Certificate of attendance the lectures and hands On course: “1 Day Extensive Veneer Course” (8 Credit Hours) 15/11/2019.
C- Experiences:
From 8/2009 to 7/2010 intern Dentist in the dental clinics of Palestinian ministry of health.
From 9/2010 to 6/2013 Resident Endodontist in Endodontic department of dental clinics in Tongji Hospital, Wuhan / China.
From 9/2013 to 11/2013 in dental clinic of Yazoor Medical center in Nablus / Palestine.
From 12/2013 to 1/2016, Lecturer in Endodontics in Faculty of Dentistry in Buraydah colleges in Buraydah Al-Qassim / KSA.
From 5/2016 to 5/2018 in Monaco Consultative Center in Riyadh / KSA.
From 7/2018 to 1/2019 in Abu El-Khair Specialized Medical Center in Ramallah / Palestine.
From 5/2019 to 8/2020 in H&H Dental Clinic in Hares / Salfit / Palestine.
From 10/2021 to 6/2022 part-time Lecturer in Endodontics in Faculty of Dentistry in Arab American University / Jenin / Palestine.
From 8/2022 to 7/2023 part-time Assistant Professor in Endodontics in Arab American University / Jenin / Palestine.
From 6/2022 till now in AL GHANEM Dental Clinic / Nablus / Palestine.
From 9/2022 till now Assistant Professor in Endodontics in Al Quds University / Abu Deis / Jerusalem / Palestine.
Kareem  Abu Libdeh
Assistant Prof
Dr. Kareem Issa Abu Libdeh :
had his bachelors degree in dentistry and oral surgery since 2006 from Jordan University of Science and technology
He got his higher education in a five years residency program in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery from the Hebrew University and Hadassah Medical Center since 2015
Current Appointment:-
Assistant Prof. Oral and Maxillofacial surgery department, Al Quds University
Member of the scientific committee of the Palestinian Oral and Maxillofacial surgery association
3-2019 – present
Member of the Jerusalem subcommittee of the Palestinian dental association 10-2018 – present
Examiner of the specialized scientific committee for Oral and Maxillofacial surgery of the Palestinian Medical Council 9-2019 – present
Credentials & courses:-
Licensed to practice dentistry in Palestine 03/2007
Licensed to practice Oral and Maxillofacial surgery in Palestine 12/2015
Advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) certified 4/2011
Advanced Trauma life support (ATLS) certified 5/2015
Post – Graduate Course in Clinical Oral Pathology (Tel Aviv University) 1-3/2012
AOCMF Course – Principles in Craniomaxillofacial Fracture Management (Switzerland) 12/2015
Speaker:
The 6th Palestinian international congress – Medical Association 10-2016
Oral and maxillofacial surgery conference — Bethlehem 8-2108
Course coordinator and speaker (introduction to dental implants and sinus lifting)
Istanbul 7-2018
Course coordinator and speaker (Advanced solutions for sinus lifting and bone grafts)
Istanbul 11-2018
Alquds University Implantology Extended Course 2018-present
Lecturer for Palestinian Ministry of Health for Dental Internship
Many other lectures in scientific days for the Palestinian dental association and association of dental implantology
Memberships & Organizations:-
Palestinian Dental Association 6/2006
Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology 12/2015
Palestinian Oral and maxillofacial surgery association 12/2015
Mariam Hasan Mustafa Al-Jaljouli
Assistant Professor
Dr.Mariam Al Jaljouli is Assistant professor at orthodontic and pediatric dentistry department at Al-Quds University.
In addition to her BDS in dentistry from Al-Quds University /Palestine in 2006, Dr Mariam had MSD and certificate in pediatric dentistry from Jordan University of Science and technology in 2010.
She also had the Jordanian and the Palestinian board of pediatric dentistry in 2011.
In 2011, Dr.Mariam returned back to Faculty of dentistry at AL – QUDS University as lecturer in pediatric dentistry.
In 2016 she was promoted to assistant professor at the Faculty of Dentistry at Al–QUDS University.
Dr. Mariam was Coordinator of the academic programs at faculty of dentistry at Al-Quds University.
Dr.Mariam is an Examiner in paediatric dentistry at the Palestinian medical council from 2015-till now.
Dr. Mariam has many Research interests such as
:
Molar incisor Hypomineralization
Endodontic management of immature permanent dentition.
Mazen Sbeih
Assistant Professor
Mazen Sbeih: Assistant Professor Al-Quds University
Dr. Mazen Sbeih
is a specialist in orthodontics and Dento -Facial orthopedic, holding a PhD certificate in orthodontics, Marmara University, Istanbul.
Dr.Sbeih
is currently head of the Orthodontic Department at Al-Quds university.
Dr. Sbeih
is a member of the scientific higher committee in the Palestinian medical council.
Dr. Sbeih
was a member of the orthodontic committee at the Palestinian medical council and a member of the examining board committee at the Palestinian medical board.
Dr. Sbeih
Publications:
Cephalometric Evaluation of Molar Distalization by a Compact RPE Screw Combined with a Modified Nance Appliance.
Bilateral Molars and Premolars Intrusion Using 2 Mini screws and Acrylic Plate: A Case Report.
Dr.Sbeih
presented  many lectures at local and international conferences.
Mohammad Assaf
Associate Professor
Dr. Mohammad Assaf has graduated with his first degree in dentistry from Cairo University, Egypt in 2002.
After which he continued post-graduate education at Yeditepe University, Turkey.
During his residency he was awarded a Certificate in Periodontology issued by the European Federation of Periodontology in 2005 and has completed his PhD in Periodontology from Yeditepe University in 2006.
Since then, he has worked as a full-time staff member at the Faculty of Dentistry in Al-Quds University; currently being an Associate Professor at the Department of Peridontology and Preventive Dentistry.
Mohammed Hasan Abu Yunis
Professor
On coming back to Palestine in 2003, Prof. Abu Yunis has actively participated in the establishment of the Dental School at Al-Quds University and the graduation of the first class in 2005.
After that, Prof. Abu Yunis has been appointed as the head of the Maxillofacial Department for four years since 2006 until he was posted as the Dean of the Dental School in 2009, which had expanded the possibilities for him to work hard and develope all the academic and adminstrative aspects of the dental school during three years of continous serious efforts base on team work spirit and collective performance.
In the period 2012-2017, and besides being the head of Maxillofacial Surgery Department, he worked as a member of the General secretariat of the University Councils and obtained more academic and adminstrative experiance during this period.
Prof. Abu Yunis is also an active member of the Palestenian Medical Councel since 2006, and he has particpated in many of its committees as the Higher Scientific Committee, Specialized Committee of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Internship Committee and the Specialized Committee for Hospital Evaluation.
He was also appointed as amember of high certificate accreditation committee at the Ministry of Higher Education between 2014-2016. In addition, he is a member of the Examination Committee of Maxillofacial Surgery at Arab Board for Medical Specialities as a represntative of Al-Quds University and Palestine.
Regarding community services and social work, Prof. Abu Yunis is an active member of Palestenian and Jordanian Dental Associasions, and he was elected as the secretary general and vice-president of the Palestenian Society of Maxillofacial Surgeons for five years and vice-president of the Cleft Lip and Palate Society for two years.
In addition, Prof. Abu Yunis is a well-known speaker and active member of scientific committies in various local and international conferences.
As a Proffessor in Maxillofacial Surgery, Prof. Abu Yunis teaches several clinical courses in Anesthesia, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Oral Medicine, and Medical Problems in Dentistry for dental students.
And he has more than than eighteen published articles in different fields of maxillofacial surgery, oral medicine, and implantology.
Mohanad Aker
Assistant Professor
Dr. Moanad Aker joined AlQuds university in 2002. He was appointed head of department for 1 year and reappointed in 2012, and is currently holding that position.
As well as holding the position of asst. Dean 2006 and 2012.
Dr Aker has been giving lectures at scientiﬁc days and conferences in Palestine, and at the ministry of health since 2005.
He is also a member of the orthodontic board and exam committee at the Palestinian medical board.Dr Aker is also part of the examination committee at the ministry of health.
Dr. Aker has a strong interest in Cleft Lip and Palate care, and helped put together the Palestine Cleft Society in 2011.
Degrees and memberships :
Bachelors degree in dental surgery
MSc in orthodontics
Jordanian specialty degree in orthodontics.
Palestinian dental board in orthodontics.
Member of the British Orthodontic Society.
Muath Ahmad Abu Baker
Maxillofacial Orthodontist
Personal information :
Degree: Maxillofacial Orthodontist
Address: Palestine/Ramallah
Educational Qualifications
Bachelor of dental surgery ( BDS )
Master degree in orthodontics (Msc): Jordan university of science and technology.
Membership of faculty of dentistry of Ireland, MFD(RCSI).
Palestinian board in orthodontics
Assistant professor in Al-Quds University Jerusalem- Palestine.
General manager of two private orthodontic and dental centers in
Tulkarm and Ramallah (Smile masters advanced oral care ).
Former assistant professor in American university of jenin
Member of orthodontic scientific committee in palstinian medical council.
Member of WFO .
Member of the Palestinian medical council committee in orthodontics.
Workshop and Courses:
Attended 7
th
Pakistan International Dental Congress/ December, 2003.
”Basic Concept of ITI/Straumann Dental Implant
Orthodontic Pearls Course ”Fixed Appliances And Mini-screws”5 Credit Hours /Kim Mizrahi.
Orthognathic Planning course. 13Credit Hours/Dr Susan Cunningham & Mr. Edwin Payne.
Contemporary Orthodontic Mechanics Course. 6 Credit Hours/Dr William Hohlt/.
First international scientific conference of faculty of dentistry/ Jordan University Of Science and Technology And fifth scientific meeting of IADR-Jor. 12 hours of CME.
Dental clinic management course 6 CME/ Dr Ehab Haikal/Jordan.
One moon course in MARPE and MINI-implant .
Researches:
The effect of tooth bleaching on the shear bond strength of orthodontic ceramic brackets.
Mudar Sufian Abdullatif Kamal
Assistant Professor
Dr Mudar S.Kamal is an assistant professor assigned to the School of Dentistry at Al-Quds University in Jerusalem.
He is currently the head of the department of Fixed and Removable Prosthodontics and Conservative Dentistry.
Dr. Kamal is also a clinical supervisor of fixed and removable prosthodontics at Al-Quds University clinical teaching clinics.
Dr Mudar Kamal is currently a member of the school board, and has worked hand in hand with his colleagues in various administrative and academic committees since he was assigned to the school in 2004.
Working as a team, Dr. mudar and his colleagues have worked to develop the schools’ curriculum and polices which had its greatest impact on its development and reputation nationally, regionally and in several countries over the world.
Dr. Mudar Kamal is a member of the specialty committee of the Fixed and Removable Prosthodontics section at the Palestinian medical council / the Palestinian board Examination. He is also a member of the advisory committee of the Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology PADI, and a member of the establishment committee of the Palestinian Academy of Orofacial Pain and Dental Sleep Medicine.
DR. Kamal has always believed in the importance of community service and has contributed in establishing professional and legal regulations governing the practice of dentistry in Palestine.
Raising the professional level of Palestinian dentists has always been a goal.
Since 2004 Dr. Mudar has been working exclusively in the field of fixed and removable prosthodontics, and working in teams with other specialties to treat patients suffering complex and complicated tooth loss cases.
Dr. Mudar Kamal is interested in Dental implantology and practiced the interest on every level (advanced mainly).
He is also interested in the new era of digital dentistry, and has adopted the digital work flow protocols in his work. He is also interested in the scientific and applied aspects of dental occlusion.
And he is hoping to expand his knowledge and clinical skills in the field of Maxillofacial prosthodontics and rehabilitation.
Musab Abu Arqoub
Assistant Professor
Musab Abu Arqoub is an assistant professor assigned to the School of Dentistry at Al-Quds University in Jerusalem.
He was the head of the department of Fixed and Removable Prosthodontics and Conservative Dentistry.
And currently the head of the clinical department Dr. musab is also a clinical supervisor of fixed and removable prosthodontics at Al-Quds University clinical teaching clinics.
Dr Musab Abu Arqoub is currently a member of the school board, and has worked hand in hand with his colleagues in various administrative and academic committees since he was assigned to the school in 2004.
Working as a team, Dr. musab and his colleagues have worked to develop the schools’ curriculum and polices which had its greatest impact on its development and reputation nationally, regionally and in several countries over the world.
Dr. Musab Abu Arqoub is a a member of the advisory committee of the Palestinian Association of Dental Implantology PADI,
Since 2004 Dr. Musab has been working exclusively in the field of fixed and removable prosthodontics, and working in teams with other specialties to treat patients suffering complex and complicated tooth loss cases.
Dr. Musab Abu Arqoub is interested in Dental implantology and practiced the interest on every level (advanced mainly)..
He is also interested in the scientific and applied aspects of dental occlusion. And he is hoping to expand his knowledge and clinical skills in the field of Maxillofacial prosthodontics and rehabilitation.
Naser Azmi Khayat
Assistant Professor
Dr. Naser Azmi Khayat
Orthodontist and Orofacial Pain Specialist
Assistant Professor in Al-Quds University – Faculty of Dentistry – Department of Orthodontics – Postgraduate Program
=Assistant Professor in the Arab American University in Palestine – Faculty of
Dentistry – Department of Orthodontics – Postgraduate Program, since October 2018.
Education:
BDS in Dentistry from Baghdad University in Iraq in 1998.
MSc in Orthodontics from AL-Mosul University in Iraq in 2000.
PHD in Orofacial Pain from Tel Aviv University in 2022.
Advanced Education and Research:
A two year Post-graduate program in temporomandibular disorders and orofacial pain in Tel Aviv University in 2014.
Licenses
The Jordanian license.
The Palestinian license.
The Iraqi license.
The Israeli license
Memberships:
Member of the World Federation of Orthodontics.
Member of the Arab Association of Orthodontics.
Member of the Iraqi Association of Orthodontics.
Member of the Palestinian Orthodontic society.
Member of the European Academy of Orofacial Pain & Dysfunction.
Member of the &quot;European Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine&quot;.
Founder and Chairman of the Palestinian Academy for Orofacial Pain & Dental Sleep Medicine since February 2018.
Founder and Chairman of the Arab Society of Orofacial Pain &amp;
Dysfunction “ASOPD” since September 2019.
Publications:
The Article Title: “Association between posterior cross-bite and/or deep bite, and temporomandibular disorders among Palestinian adolescents: A gender comparison”
https://www.tandfonline.com/loi/ycra20
The Article Title: “The prevalence of posterior cross bite/deep bite and of sleep/awake bruxism in patients with temporomandibular disorders (TMDs) compared to non-TMD
patients: A retrospective study”
https://www.tandfonline.com/toc/ycra20/current
The Article Title: “The Prevalence of Temporomandibular Disorders and Dental Attrition Levels in Patients with Posterior Crossbite and/or Deep Bite: A Preliminary Prospective Study”
https://www.hindawi.com/journals/prm/si/304038/
Ra’ed Abu Hantash
Professor
Dr Ra’ed Abu Hantash is currently an Assistant Dean of faculty of Dentistry- Al Quds University.
He joined the university in 2004.
He is a member of the faculty Council since 2005.
He is the Head of scientific committee in the faculty, and he is a member of department of prosthodontics and Conservatives dentistry.
He was the founder and the Head Department of Prosthodontics and Conservative Dentistry between 2007-2011.
Dr Ra’ed Abu Hantash is a member of the High Scientific Committee in the Palestinian Medical Council and Fixed and Removable Prosthodontics committee.
He is a lecturer in the basic Implantology Course of the Palestinian Implant Society and Continous Learning Center of the AL Quds university (EDUEMEDIC).
Dr Abu Hanatsh hold the Jordanian Board in Fixed and Removable Prosthodontics and Palestinian Medical Council Certificate in 2005, Master degree in Prosthodontics from Jordan University of Science and Technology in 2004, and the Bachelor Degree in 1998.
He is a member of Royal College of Surgeons – Dublin in 2005.
Publications :
Relationship between dental impacts on living, satisfaction with the dentition and personality profiles among a Palestinian population.Younis A, Al-Omiri MK, Hantash RO, Alrabab, Ah MDar –Odeh N,Abu Hammad O,Khraisat A. Odontostomatol Trop.2012 Jun, 35 (138) : 21-30.
Habesh F, Abu Hantash R, Abu Younis M. (2011) Innervation pattern of oral squamous cell carcinoma using neural protein gene product (9.5).An Immunocytochemical study.Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology.
Abu Hantash RO, Abu Younis MH, Aker MM.(2014) Dental Anexiety and Fear among Medical Field Students at Al Quds University .British Journal of Medicine and Medical Research, 4(12), 2312-2321.
H.Kamal, R.O. Abu Hantash, D.Q. Taani , M.M . Hammad (2014) the prevalence of Dentine Hypersenstivity and Gingival Recession among Jordanian patients at JUST Dental teaching center. Open journal of Stomatology, 4, 497-506. http: //dx.doi.org/ojst.2014.411067.
Khateeb E.T, Kamal M.S, Kadamani A.M, Abu Hantash R.O. and Arqoup M.M .(2016) Utilizing an innovative digital software to grade preclinical crown preparation exercise. European Journal of Dental Education. http://doi:10.111/ eje.12204.
Abu Younis M. and Abu Hantash R. (2018). Immediate Implant Loading in Osteoporotic Patients. Mini Review. Open Access of Dental Science, Volume 3, Issue 4.
Rana Darwish
Teacher
Dr. Darwish has joined the preventive dentistry & periodontology department at the faculty of dentistry at AQU in 2008.
Ever since, she has been teaching preventive dentistry and community dentistry courses (both theory & clinical) for 3rd & 5th year dental students respectively.
She is also a clinical supervisor of local anesthesia clinics at AQU teaching clinics.
Throughout her academic career, Dr. Darwish has been an active member in various academic committees at the faculty.
She’s also been coordinating the ILO’s for the dental faculty & has also worked, along with other colleagues, within the University’s academic development committee.
Currently, she’s the head of quality assurance committee at the faculty.
Dr. Darwish is a member in the Palestinian & Jordanian Dental Associations & she’s an affiliated member in the American Dental Association.
Dr. Rana has given lectures at many scientific days and conferences in Palestine and within the MOH dental internship program since 2003.
Moreover, Dr. Darwish has worked as a dental education officer at the International Medical Education Trust (IMET2000-Pal) where she used to organize scientific days & workshops in various dentistry fields.
Focusing on a life-long learning career & professional development, Dr. Darwish is well involved in continuous education through participating in various national & international conferences & hands-on workshops in addition to online courses.
Since 2008, Dr. Rana has been representing AQU in various local and national community services & activities which are being performed on annual basis in collaboration with various Palestinian institutions that deal with students, impoverished children, elderly patients, orphans and special needs patients including blind & deaf children in addition to mental patients.
Dr. Darwish always supervises &carries out community field visits for dental students to plant the seeds of community contribution in future dentists.
Dr. Darwish holds a Masters Degree in Community & Public Health from Birzeit University 2002 and a Bachelor Degree in Dentistry DDS from Jordan University of Science & Technology.
Dr. Darwish research interests include community and preventive dentistry, occupational health mainly infection control in dental settings, environmental health and dental education.
Publications
:
Assessment of amalgam waste management in dental clinics in Ramallah and Al-Bireh cities, published in the International Journal of Environmental Health Research
Evaluation of dental waste management in two cities in Palestine, published in the Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal.
Oral School Health Guidelines Booklet (Co-author). Published in 2003 by the Palestinian Ministry of Health- Oral Health Administration Department.
Assessment of oral health and medical findings among thalassemic patients (In Progress)
Dental students’ perceptions and knowledge of infection control procedures dental clinics (In Progress)
Shurooq W. R. Al-Bakri
Name
: Shurooq W. R. Al-Bakri
Specialty:
Endodontics.
Date of birth:
06/01/1988
Current location:
Hebron
Contact information:
Shurooq dental clinic, wattar building, floor 1, Almanarah square, Hebron.
Email:
sbakri@staff.alquds.edu
/
shuroq_albakri@outlook.sa
Phone:
00972599821022/ 02-2291275
Current position and past employment history:
Lecturer, endodontic department, Al-QUDS university. (sept 2022-July 2024)
Teaching assistant, endodontic department, Al-QUDS university. (2013-2019)
Academic qualifications:
Primary and secondary education at University Graduates Union U.G.U school (1993-2003).
High school at widad naser aldeen (2003-2005).
Tawjihi rating (excellent) 96.6% (2005).
B.D.S in dentistry, Al-QUDS university rating (good) 78.8 (2005-2010)
Internship in dentistry at Palestinian ministry of health (2010-2011).
Clinical master in endodontics, Jordan university of science and technology, Jordan, rating (excellent) 3.6 (sept 2019-sep 2022).
Jordanian Board, Jordan Medical Council, Jordan (April 2024).
Palestinian Board, Palestinian Medical Council, Palestine (Jun 2024).
Skills:
Hands-on experience in developing lecture for dental practicing students.
Excellent knowledge of classroom instructions and curriculum development
Ability to travel to various places for dental practices
Ability to meet objectives within required timeframe
Solid understanding of coordinating with students from different backgrounds
Analyze student requirements and evaluated work as per standards.
Communicate with students and participated in various projects.
Ensure compliance to syllabus requirements and prepared lessons appropriately.
Participate in the graduation ceremony every year.
Practical clinical experience in endodontics for more than 9 years.
Can work appropriately within a team.
Excellent computer skills.
Writing thesis, present lectures, and communicate fluently with English language.
Research:
Taha NA, Albakri SW. Outcome and Prognostic Factors for Partial and Full Pulpotomy in the Management of Spontaneous Symptomatic Pulpitis in Carious Mature Permanent Teeth: A Randomized Clinical Trial. J Endod. 2024 Jul;50(7):889-898. doi: 10.1016/j.joen.2024.03.012. Epub 2024 Apr 5. PMID: 38583758.
Tarek Rabi
Lecturer
Dr Tarek Rabi joined Faculty of Dentistry as a lecturer in 2011.
After completing his Bachelor degree in dental surgery he completed his speciality training in operative dentistry and endodontics and after that completed a masters degree in policies and health management.
Dr Rabi served as the head of department of operative dentistry at the faculty and helped in developing the courses offered at the department.
He was elected as a member in the Palestinian dental association council for the years 2016-2018.
He is a local and international lecturer and trainer in the field of esthetic dentistry and endodontics .
Dr Rabi is an author to more than 20 published articles and serves as an editor and reviewer in several international dental journals.
The diagnosis and therapeutic protocols of approximal caries by final‑year dental students at Al‑Quds University, Palestine
Placement of Posterior Composite Restorations in Palestine Dental Practices:
Techniques, Problems, and Attitudes
Knowledge, attitude, and practice survey of dentists in Palestine towards deep dentin caries removal
The Prevalence of Impacted Maxillary Canines in a Palestinian Population: A Retrospective Study
Zaid Ayyad
MDs in Orthodontic and Dentofacial Orthopedics
Personal information:
Name: Zaid Ayyad
Date of Birth: 19 Aug 1991
Place of Birth: Jerusalem
Nationality: Palestinian.
Residency Address: Jerusalem
Education:
BDS Al-Quds University- Palestine 2014
MDs in Orthodontic and Dentofacial Orthopedics; Huazhong University of Science and Technology- China 2018
Academic Rank and Current Administrative Position:
Assistant professor; Department of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics, School of Dentistry, Al-Quds University, Jerusalem.
Coordinator of the specialty program in Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics
Member of Orthodontic department, school of Dentistry, Al-Quds University.
Clinical supervisor in Al- Quds University dental teaching clinics, department of orthodontics
Professional Experience,
Contributions in scientific associations, professional committees, and memberships:
(2019- Now ) Assistant professor at Department of Orthodontics, School of Dentistry, Al-Quds University  2019- now
(2019) Palestinian dental board in Orthodontics
(2019-now) Working member of Palestinian Orthodontic Society
(2015- now) Member of Palestinian Dental Association
(2015-2018) Member of Chinese Orthodontics Society
(2016- now) Member of American association of orthodontists (AAO)
(2016- now) Member of World federation of orthodontists (WFO)
(2018)  Certified ‘Tweed Study course’ – The Charles H. Tweed Foundation for Orthodontic Education and Research.
(2023) Certification in Non-surgical Mid-facial Expansion with Micro-implant Assisted Maxillary Skeletal Expander (MSE).
Attended dozens of international and national scientific conferences and sessions.
(2015 – Present) Private Clinic practice.
FEATURED NEWS
Featured News
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY BEGINS CONSTRUCTION OF THE “HAMMAD AL-HARAZIN FACULTY OF TECHNOLOGY” AND SIGNS ITS FIRST INTERNATIONAL DUAL-DEGREE AGREEMENTS
Al-Quds University Begins Construction of the “Hammad Al-Harazin Faculty of Technology” and Signs Its First International Dual-Degree Agreements
December 21, 2025
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY HOSTS THE GLOBAL “THREE MINUTE THESIS” COMPETITION FOR THE FIRST TIME IN PALESTINE
Al-Quds University Hosts the Global “Three Minute Thesis” Competition for the First Time in Palestine
December 20, 2025
STATEMENT REGARDING THE OCCUPATION FORCES’ RAID ON AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY’S MAIN CAMPUS A DAY AFTER LIGHTING THE CHRISTMAS TREE
Statement Regarding the Occupation Forces’ Raid on Al-Quds University’s Main Campus a Day After Lighting the Christmas Tree
December 9, 2025
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY LIGHTS UP THE CHRISTMAS TREE IN THE PRESENCE OF RELIGIOUS AND OFFICIAL FIGURES
Al-Quds University Lights Up the Christmas Tree in the Presence of Religious and Official Figures
December 8, 2025
AQB STUDENT ALAA ABHARI MODERATES HIGH-PROFILE SESSION AT WISE 12 IN DOHA
AQB Student Alaa Abhari Moderates High-Profile Session at WISE 12 in Doha
December 7, 2025
MEDICAL STUDENTS LAUNCH SURGICORE, THE FIRST ACCREDITED PALESTINIAN SURGICAL GROUP AT AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Medical Students Launch SurgiCore, the First Accredited Palestinian Surgical Group at Al-Quds University
December 6, 2025
Menu
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
× Close Panel