URL: https://www.alquds.edu/en/admissions-registration

Admissions & Registration - Al-Quds University
ADMISSIONS & REGISTRATION
Admissions & Registration
Your journey at Al-Quds University starts here. Al-Quds offers than 100
degree programs designed to help you realize your ambitions.
Degree Programs
Learn more about more than 120 programs and specializations
Admission application
Take the first step and join Al-Quds University by filling out admission application
Financial aid & Grants
Take advantage of the programs available at Al-Quds University
Admissions & Aid
Read more about registration at Al-Quds University and the important dates for registration
Important Dates
Read more about registration at Al-Quds University with the important dates for admission
BACHELOR’S PROGRAM
Bachelor’s Program
Al-Quds University offers more than 55 bachelor’s programs covering the main scientific disciplines, accepting about 2,000 male and female students annually
Offered programs
Accepted certificates
Enrollment Guide
GRADUATE STUDIES
Graduate Studies
Al-Quds University offers more than 45 master’s programs, and the admission requirements for these programs vary according to specialization
Offered programs
MA Register fees
PhD Register fees
DIPLOMA
Diploma
Al-Quds University offers many diploma programs, the duration of which is two years, namely, a diploma in many specializations
Offered programs
Accepted certificates
Register fees
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
Al-Quds University (AQU) is a collegiate research university that currently offers more than 120 undergraduate and postgraduate programs, taught through its fifteen degree-granting faculties that cover the main scientific disciplines such as medicine, life, and natural sciences, business and management, arts and humanities, law and jurisprudence, engineering, and social sciences. Established in 1977, AQU remains the only Arab Palestinian university in Jerusalem, Palestine. AQU currently enrolls around 12,000 full time students, taught by more than 700 faculty members.
A CLOSER LOOK
A Closer Look
Established in 1977. It remains the only Arab university in the city of Jerusalem.
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
Al-Quds University (AQU) is a collegiate research university that currently offers more than 120 undergraduate and postgraduate programs, taught through its fifteen degree-granting faculties that cover the main scientific disciplines such as medicine, life, and natural sciences, business and management, arts and humanities, law and jurisprudence, engineering, and social sciences. Established in 1977, AQU remains the only Arab Palestinian university in Jerusalem, Palestine. AQU currently enrolls around 12,000 full time students, taught by more than 700 faculty members.
FACULTIES
Faculties
Al-Quds is comprised of 15 degree-granting faculties: Medicine, Dentistry, Pharmacy, Health Professions, Public Health, Engineering, Science and Technology, Law, Arts and Humanities, Dual Studies, Al-Quds Bard, Quran and Islamic Studies, Business and Economics, Shari’a, Education, and the Faculty of Graduate Studies.
ACADEMIC PROGRAMS
Academic Programs
Al-Quds offers 55 undergraduate programs, and 45 graduate programs.
10200
Undergraduate Students
%
45
Female Students
$
0
m
the amount of financial aid students received during the academic year 2021-2022.
1600
Postgraduates Students
700
members currently working at Al-Quds
%
44
of undergraduate students received aid
AL-QUDS ADMISSION'S APPLICATION
Al-Quds Admission's Application
How to Apply for Al-Quds
1
BUY THE CARD
Buy the Card
Buy the enrollment application card from one of select locations below:
Card Locations
Where to buy Al-Quds Admissions Card
You Can purchase your card to enroll from any of these locations
Arab Bank branches in all the Governorates
Bank of Palestine: Abu Dis, Ramallah, Bethlehem, Hebron
The Finance Department at the University main campus / the “Martyr
Yasser Arafat” for student activities Center at Abu Dis.
The Finance Department / AQU – Gaza (Tel al-Hawa near the Palestinian Red Crescent Society).
Faculty of Hind Al-Husseini / Sheikh Jarrah campus – Jerusalem.
Students who have troubles accessing the application or fill out the application should contact the enrollment information center at the following number 02-2756211 or email us at
admissionhelp@alquds.edu
2
REVIEW PIN
Review Pin
Make sure that the PIN code on the card is not scraped.
3
GET YOUR CODE
Get your Code
Scratch over the PIN code bar on the card.
4
LOGIN
Login
Enter the application number and PIN code in their appropriate spaces.
APPLICATION LOGIN
Application Login
Please enter your obtained information to access your application
For more information contact us via
02-2756200
or
0528885733
or via email
admissionhelp@alquds.edu
NOTES
Notes
For BA applicants who hold Palestinian Tawjihi certificate, Please make sure to fill in the seat number in its appropriate box according to what is written in the High School certificate. It should not be less than 5 digits.
Follow the instructions available on the website on how to apply for a bachelor’s degree, to fill the application.
Follow the instructions available on the website on how to apply for postgraduate studies, to fill in the application.
The card is valid for use with one application form only.
Keep the card and payment receipt to complete the admission procedures.
Students who have troubles accessing the application or fill out the application should contact the enrollment information center at the following number 02-2756211 or email us at
admissionhelp@alquds.edu
IMPORTANT DATES
Important Dates
Early application progress enhances your chances of acceptance into a program that meets your ambitions.
Applications can be submitted before the results of the high school are published by uploading the seating number, which will automatically download the results of the secondary school upon its appearance. You will be notified of admission on the day of the results of the secondary school.
TRANSFER STUDENTS
Transfer Students
Transferring from another university
Students transferring from other universities can join any of the disciplines in the undergraduate or postgraduate programs offered at Al Quds University after obtaining the needed approvals from the units of interest at the University.
Offer Programs
Students transferring from other universities (local or internationally) will be accepted by the Faculties of concern, as follows:
Transferred from a recognized university or institute
Successfully completed at least one semester according to the credit hours system based on the Academic Study System.
Meet the requirements of the faculty / specialization to which the student wants to transfer to.
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
Get in Touch with Us
We are happy to answer all your questions and inquires, please fill the below form and we will get in touch with you as soon as possible, or visit the Admission’s Department at Student’s Affairs Complex on the Main Campus at Abu Dis
Admissions:
Office 301, Administration Building
Main Campuse, Al-Quds University
Abu Dis, Palestine
Phone:
(+970) 2 2756200
Email:
admission@alquds.edu
WE ARE SOCIAL
We are social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Menu
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
× Close Panel