URL: https://www.alquds.edu/en/life-at-aqu/housing

Housing - Al-Quds University
HOUSING
Housing
Tenzile Erdogan Residence is the product of a modern architectural project that includes facilities developed to combine comfort and safety, established with a grant from the Turkish state based on a memorandum of understanding between Al-Quds University and the Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TİKA). It offers students the opportunity to have a distinguished study experience in a quiet educational, social and cultural environment within a system that achieves the best outcomes in academic achievement and social performance.
About
Staff
Offers
Fees
Register!
Contact us
ABOUT
About
Tenzile Erdogan Residence for female students was established with a grant from the Turkish state and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan based on the Memorandum of Understanding (2018-2022) signed by Al-Quds University and the Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TİKA). The residence is a modern architectural project that includes facilities developed to combine comfort and safety, in response to the need of female students for housing that enables them to study full-time at AQU, and provides them with all their basic needs on the main university campus, under the direct supervision of the university’s administration.
Tenzile Erdogan offers students the opportunity to have a distinguished study experience in a quiet educational, social and cultural environment, in addition to providing many opportunities to develop their capabilities with facilities equipped to provide the highest levels of comfort.
The residence is the culmination of the university’s vision to achieve a unique university experience for every student. The features of this modern facility work to build the student’s personality and enrich their skills within a contemporary atmosphere that focuses on the student and develops their love of volunteering, research and belonging to the community.
THE HOUSING OFFERS
The Housing Offers
A LIBRARY
A library
SECURITY SERVICES
Security Services
A CAFETERIA
A cafeteria
CLEANING SERVICES
Cleaning Services
A LAUNDROMAT
A Laundromat
WELFARE SERVICES
Welfare Services
ACCOMMODATION FEES
Accommodation fees
Accommodation fees:
Double-room flat cost: 1400 NIS per month for both students, i.e. 700 NIS per month per student, including electricity, water, internet and heating services.
Triple-room flat cost: The fee is 1650 NIS per month for the three students, i.e. 550 NIS per student per month, including electricity, water, internet and heating services
Residential admission requirements:
The applicant must be a full-time student at AQU.
Commitment to the instructions and rules stipulated in the contract between the students and the housing administration.
Payment system:
The university uses a prepayment system, whereby a five-month payment is paid in advance, equivalent to one semester, and the contract and payment are counted from the day of boarding.
The five-month advance payment for the two-room flat is equal to 3500 NIS.
The five-month advance payment for the triple room flat is 2750 NIS.
The duties and responsibilities of the students at the dormitory:
Full adherence to the entry and exit instructions stipulated by the administration.
Maintain the cleanliness of the apartment.
Maintain the furniture and furnishings inside the apartment.
For complaints or inquiries, please contact the administration in the dormitory.
The furniture is insured by paying a nominal deposit, which is refunded when the residence is delivered in the condition it was in upon receipt.
Housing payment account: Bank of Palestine 500002
CONTACT US
Contact us
We are delighted to respond to all your questions and inquiries, please fill out the contact form and we will contact you as soon as possible, or visit the dormitory at the main campus in Abu Dis:
Women’s Dormitory – Ground Floor
Al-Quds University Main Campus
Abu Dis, Palestine
Or contact us through phone or email:
WhatsApp: 00972594063298
Mobile: 0515995230
Mail:
dorms@alquds.edu
FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA:
Find us on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Menu
AL-QUDS UNIVERSITY
Al-Quds University
× Close Panel